what guys I'm just about finished with
it I got my new-to-me skis but on pretty
good here's the old ones yeah as you can
see that's shot I've actually never seen
a ski that bad before you can see right
through it that's fine the other ones
not as bad but still it's messed up
last thing I really got to do is just
get this sap off from the pine tree that
I was sitting under once I do that
she'll be ready to go think you better
look at my seat again that I did I'm
pretty good open it up for you she looks
like and I was having trouble starting
this thing something to pull it for like
an hour get it start and stumble before
I'm help me out
retired pop thank you for telling me how
to adjust to choke cables the right way
she runs pretty good I'll start it up
for a minute I got another project over
here I've started I've got a 73 cheetah
340 that we got for free we just get
these hooks ok there's no motor in it
right now
I bought actually a 440 that's big
shipped to me for 150 bucks that I'm
going to stick in here section not that
bad the seats not that bad I take it off
was fun is when I was cleaning out
inside I found some gel balls just an
animal probably rat I'm not too sure but
all the gauges is still there and intact
skis are good track is good this is
actually um I even any cracks in the
hood I'm I'm surprised for its age
it's been sitting for quite a few years
here's the motor in here on the floor
it's actually it actually has 130 PS on
each cylinder except the one person we
got it from I guess it didn't have spark
so they just gutted it and I have a
couple of the pieces over here but I'm
not going to mess with that right now
so got a new motor coming that runs so
all right so sit this down see what you
get get to start up for ya
yup
so it's running now all the thing I do
put the air back on and we'll wait for
snow I can't wait to ride this alright
thanks for watching my video these guys